chore: add basic usage docs (#8)
mineiros-io/terramate-example-code-generation: README.md

* [Terraform](https://www.terraform.io/) == 1.1.7
* [Terramate](https://github.com/mineiros-io/terramate) >= 0.1.0
* Configure your GCP credentials using one of the supported [authentication mechanisms](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/google/latest/docs/guides/provider_reference#authentication)
* Google Cloud Provider account
* At least one [GCP project](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/projects)
* Billing is setup on GCP projects used on the example

# How is the code organized ?

This is the overall structure of the project:

```
├── modules
│   └── cloud-run
└── stacks
    ├── prod
    │   ├── cloud-runs
    │   │   ├── app1
    │   │   ├── app2
    │   └── service-accounts
    │       └── cloud-run
    └── staging
        ├── cloud-runs
        │   ├── app1
        │   ├── app2
        └── service-accounts
            └── cloud-run
```

* `modules/cloud-run` : Local module, useful to showcase change detection
* `stacks/prod` : All stacks belonging to the prod environment
* `stacks/staging` : All stacks belonging to the prod environment

> * `stacks/<env>/service-accounts/cloud-run` : Stack that creates service account for cloud run services

Author: ```suggestion
* `stacks/<env>/service-accounts/cloud-run` : Stacks that creates service accounts for the cloud run services
```

to have [GCP credentials](https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started)
and deploying infrastructure will incur into costs (check the
[pre-requisites](#pre-requisites) section for more details).

On `stacks/config.tm.hcl` you will find the `terraform_google_provider_project` 
global which configures the project where infrastructure will be created.

It is important to change that to a [GCP project](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/projects)
where you have appropriate permissions.

Once the configuration is changed we need to update the generated code by running:

```sh
terramate generate
```

At this point since our project has uncommitted changes Terramate will prevent us
from running any commands. Create a branch (or use the flag `--disable-check-git-uncommitted`
to disable the git checks):

```
git checkout -b <your branch name>
```

And commit all the changed files.

Now we initialize all our stacks:

```
terramate run -- terraform init
```

Check how their plans look like:

```
terramate run -- terraform plan
```

And apply them:

```
terramate run -- terraform apply
```

For each Cloud Run service deployed there will be an output with the URL to

> the deployed service, like this:

Reviewer: please add a step to run `terraform output` in all stacks so that people do not need to scroll up to get the URLs

Author: done
